so guys today I'm going to be showing
you a great way to make money fast in
GTA 5 online so this is basically the
coveted playlist so you guys can check
that playlist out down in the
description down below make sure you
click the link and add it to your game
and it will show up in your bookmark
playlists now this is one of the best
money grinds out there because it's in
the form of a playlist you can
continuously restart this mission over
and over again with little to no loading
times between each time you complete
this and it's a great way to make money
and I hope you guys do going to enjoy I
am also going to be doing another video
most probably later on today as soon as
we do hit 600 likes guys I'm going to be
showing you the best wireless or more of
a signing out method and how you guys
can get any car for free it's an awesome
glitch to do so make sure you guys leave
a like if you do want to see that and
without further ado let's get straight
into this so the first thing you guys
want to do is go down into the
description down below and click on your
playlists provided even for the Xbox or
the PlayStation and then add that to
your game now if the playlist does not
show up when you first click the link
and you sign in with your social club
simply close your browser come back to
the description and click on the play
list again and then it should show up
perfectly fine now once you guys have
added the playlist to your game what you
don't want to do is load up the playlist
and set the difficulty to hard and then
start the mission now you can do this
with friends as it does make it easier
but this is more of a solo method but if
you do want anybody to do it with feel
free to comment your gamer tags down
below and help each other out with this
nevertheless go simply start up the job
and once you guys start up the job you
were spawning exactly as I do now what
you want to do is simply run straight
over the hill in front of you and you
should see a car parked just down the
hill now what you want to do is simply
make your way over to that vehicle and
then take out the enemy behind it know
once you guys have done that simply
enter the vehicle then start driving all
the way down towards the bottom of the
hill until you see the car go bub coming
in on the mini-map so as you guys can
see the cargo bub is now coming in on
the mini-map so what you want to do is
simply exit your vehicle pull out a
sniper rifle and start taking out all of
the enemies down the bottom of the hill
with your sniper rifle now once you guys
have taken out Nene everybody down the
bottom of the hill additionally two more
people will try to come from behind and
try to flank you so what you want to do
is make sure that you are watching your
mini-map and as soon as you see them two
guys from behind getting close simply
pull out your assault rifle and take
them two guys out as quick as possible
and then
from there finish clearing out the
people at the bottom now this point the
cargobob is still coming in to land at
the bottom of the hill so once you guys
have taken out pretty much everybody
down there simply drive down the hill
and once you guys are down there you
want to take out any of the remaining
enemies if there are any and then wait
for the car group up to land
now once the cargobob has landed you
want to take out the pilot now once you
guys have taken out the pilot and any of
the remaining enemies you then want to
enter the cargo bub and then go ahead
and retrieve the container the container
is just down the bottom of the hill you
want to press right on the d-pad to
basically get the hawk and once you hook
the container but you don't want to do
is take it straight over to Madras as a
lock up and then you have basically
completed the mission it takes no longer
than three to four minutes to complete
and because it's in the form of a
playlist you can constantly restart this
with little to no loading times between
each time you do it making it probably
the best legit way to make money in the
game so far and as you guys can see once
you take it over to Mario's lockup to
simply fly over the marker and the
container will automatically drop and
then you will complete the mission and
get to $18,000 and 1,750 RP as long as
you had the difficulty set on hard it's
definitely an easy mission to do if you
know how to do right and because it's in
the form of a playlist guys it's awesome
that is the main reason I'm actually
showing it to you guys today just to
show you guys that there is a playlist
for this and that this is by far the
best legitimate way to make money as far
as I know so I hope you guys did enjoy
if you did don't forget to leave a like
down below also once again I am doing
another video probably in a few hours
after this as soon as we do get 600
likes I will get that out to you go
straight away it is basically the best
way to get any car for free he's signing
out method so I hope you guys look
forward to that make sure you leave a
like if you want to see it and without
further ado I will see you all in the
next video
[Music]